* `check_for_stability_m`: A script which checks for convergence in the saved files, based on species richness, total abundance over a cycle, maximum biomass of each species over a cycle and coefficent of variation of the total biomass
* `compute_temperature.m`: A function which returns a vector of temperature for each day of the simulation following a normal distribution. This function is called in `SV16_comm_assembly.m`.
* `compute_temperature_season.m`: A function which returns a vector of temperature for each day of the simulation. Temperatures are sampled following a normal distribution centred on a mean values which changes sinusoidally over time with period 365 days.
* `correlationCircles.m`: A function by David Legland which represents correlation matrix using colored circles.
* `event_invasion.m`: Event function which detects when dynamics reach invasion time.
* `event_is_zero.m`: Event function which detects the extinction of the invasive species. This event function is called in the ode integration of `SV16_species_removal.m`.
* `figure_1.m`: A function which draws a two-panel figure describing the thermal niche of S species, and their mean long-term growth rates against their thermal optima.
* `frac_max.m`: A function which calculates the fraction of maximum growth achieved for one speceis as a function of temperature, its thermal optimum and its niche breadth.
* `growth_response.m`: A function which returns a species' maximum growth rate as a function of temperature and reference temperature.
* `invasion_post_treatment.m`: A script which works on the outputs from `SV16_comm_assembly.m`. It detects communities of 2, 3, or 4 extant species, and looks for their thermal optima to describe the community structure (cf. Fig. 3 in report and Scranton & Vasseur 2016).
* `post_treatment_bis.m`: This scripts draws species synchrony over time and the distribution of thermal optima for the extant species (cf. Fig. 2 in report).
* `species_removal_post_treatment.m`: A script which works on the outputs from `SV16_LV_no_GR_in_competition.m`, `SV16_main.m`, and `SV16_species_removal.m`. It calculates the density variation caused by each species removal from the community, and draws the effect of knocking out species on the other species density (cf. Fig. 4 in Scranton & Vasseur (2016) and report).
* `SV16_comm_assembly.m`: *Community assembly* simulation from Scranton & Vasseur (2016) mimicking the assembly of one community starting with one species with regular addition of a new species picked from the pool of species which are not present in the community. Outputs are community dynamics over 200 years of the assembly process, and species thermal optima. Calls `SV16_ode_integration.m` for species growth rates.
* `SV16_comm_assembly_no_stochasticity.m`: Same as the above, but with the same random seed for all simulations, and the same three invaders. Temperature varies seasonally (calling `compute_temperature_season.m`). Invasion times are regularly spaced over the simulation time.
* `SV16_higherintracompetition.m`: *Species sorting* simulation from Scranton & Vasseur (2016) initiated with 60 species of equal densities 1/(alpha*S) and repeated 10 times, but with greater intra-specific competition rates.
* `SV16_main.m`: *Species sorting* simulation from Scranton & Vasseur (2016) initiated with 60 species of equal densities 1/(alpha*S) and repeated 10 times. Calls `SV16_ode_integration.m` for species growth rates.
* `SV16_ode_integration.m`: A function describing species growth rate following the model of Scranton & Vasseur (2016) with environmental forcing embedded both in the intrinsic growth rates and the competition rates.
* `SV16_ode_integration_no_GR_in_competition.m`:  A function describing species growth rate following the model of Scranton & Vasseur (2016) with environmental forcing embedded only in the intrinsic growth rates.
* `SV16_species_removal`: *Species removal and re-introduction* simulation from Scranton & Vasseur (2016). Temperatures are generated with `compute_temperature.m` without seasonality. Initial conditions are taken from a previous simulation, and the program mimicks the extinction of each species (as many simulations as there are species) and the dynamics following the primary extinction. Outputs are species dynamics over 500 years.
* `temperature_visualisation`: A script which draws the differences between different values of theta on the temperature signal.
